There's a serious discrepancy. The PU Polish SOP visible in the app is the stripped-down version, not the v2 content from sops_v2.md.

The v2 source file for PU Polish includes:
- A "System acceptability" section listing Sirca, Sayerlack, Renner, Milesi as premium brands and Asian Paints PU 2K, Pidilite Wudfin as standard
- A "Sheen specification" section with gloss unit (GU) numbers — 5-10 GU, 15-20 GU, etc.
- A "Things vendors skip if not watched" section with three numbered items: internal surfaces of cabinets, end-grain treatment, inter-coat sanding documentation
- An "Inspection points" section with cross-cut adhesion test details
- Mumbai-specific notes about monsoon humidity in multiple places

None of these are visible in the app. What's showing is roughly the same content as the original simplistic SOPs.

Earlier you reported that the database content length matched the source within 10 characters. That can't be reconciled with what I'm seeing on screen.

Please do these checks and report back, no changes yet:

1. Run: SELECT LENGTH(content) FROM sops WHERE title = 'PU Polish (Polyurethane) Application';
   Report the exact number.

2. Run: SELECT SUBSTRING(content FROM 1 FOR 5000) FROM sops WHERE title = 'PU Polish (Polyurethane) Application';
   Show me the first 5000 characters of the actual content. Do not summarize, do not paraphrase — paste the raw bytes.

3. Check the sops_v2.md file. Find the PU Polish section (it starts with "## SOP 1 — PU (Polyurethane) Polish Application"). Count from there to the end of the "Do NOT" list. Report that character length.

4. Are there any OTHER text-like columns in the sops table besides "content" and "description"? Run: SELECT column_name, data_type FROM information_schema.columns WHERE table_name = 'sops';
   Show me the full output.

5. Search the app's frontend code for which field the SOP detail page reads from. Is it definitely "content"? Show me the line of code.

Do not modify any data, code, or schema. Just report.